README.md, before:

# About this fork
This fork makes gamepadui possible on nillerusr's source engine code
And it has artifacts to upload build output files. So you can download output files after building on actions when it gives you artifact url. This makes it possible to build with 0 effort and without a vm/pc/server. This idea came into my mind because my ubuntu aint compiling the game.


# Source Engine
[![GitHub Actions Status](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/actions/workflows/build.yml) [![GitHub Actions Status](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/actions/workflows/tests.yml)
 Discord: [![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/672055862608658432.svg)](https://discord.gg/hZRB7WMgGw)
 

Information from [wikipedia](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Source_(game_engine)):

Source is a 3D game engine developed by Valve.
It debuted as the successor to GoldSrc with Half-Life: Source in June 2004,
followed by Counter-Strike: Source and Half-Life 2 later that year.
Source does not have a concise version numbering scheme; instead, it was released in incremental versions

Source code is based on TF2 2018 leak. Don't use it for commercial purposes.

This project is using waf buildsystem. If you have waf-related questions look https://waf.io/book

# Features:
- Android, OSX, FreeBSD, Windows, Linux( glibc, musl ) support
- Arm support( except windows )
- 64bit support
- Modern toolchains support
- Fixed many undefined behaviours
- Touch support( even on windows/linux/osx )
- VTF 7.5 support
- PBR support
- bsp v19-v21 support( bsp v21 support is partial, portal 2 and csgo maps works fine )
- mdl v46-49 support
- Removed useless/unnecessary dependencies
- Achivement system working without steam
- Fixed many bugs
- Serverbrowser works without steam

# Current tasks
- Rewrite materialsystem for OpenGL render
- dxvk-native support
- Elbrus port
- Bink audio support( for video_bink )

# How to Build?
- [Building instructions(EN)](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/wiki/Source-Engine-(EN))
- [Building instructions(RU)](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/wiki/Source-Engine-(RU))

# Support me
BTC: `bc1qnjq92jj9uqjtafcx2zvnwd48q89hgtd6w8a6na`

ETH: `0x5d0D561146Ed758D266E59B56e85Af0b03ABAF46`

XMR: `48iXvX61MU24m5VGc77rXQYKmoww3dZh6hn7mEwDaLVTfGhyBKq2teoPpeBq6xvqj4itsGh6EzNTzBty6ZDDevApCFNpsJ`

Commit message:

K
Added credits section and improved clarity of the README.

README.md, after:

# About this fork
This fork makes gamepadui possible on nillerusr's source engine code.
And it has artifacts to upload build output files. So you can download output files after building on actions when it gives you artifact url. This makes it possible to build with 0 effort and without a vm/pc/server. This idea came into my mind because my ubuntu aint compiling the game.

Credits:
Valve
nillerusr
misyltoad
other contributers of source engine and gamepadui source code.

# Source Engine
[![GitHub Actions Status](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/actions/workflows/build.yml) [![GitHub Actions Status](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/actions/workflows/tests.yml)
 Discord: [![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/672055862608658432.svg)](https://discord.gg/hZRB7WMgGw)
 

Information from [wikipedia](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Source_(game_engine)):

Source is a 3D game engine developed by Valve.
It debuted as the successor to GoldSrc with Half-Life: Source in June 2004,
followed by Counter-Strike: Source and Half-Life 2 later that year.
Source does not have a concise version numbering scheme; instead, it was released in incremental versions

Source code is based on TF2 2018 leak. Don't use it for commercial purposes.

This project is using waf buildsystem. If you have waf-related questions look https://waf.io/book

# Features:
- Android, OSX, FreeBSD, Windows, Linux( glibc, musl ) support
- Arm support( except windows )
- 64bit support
- Modern toolchains support
- Fixed many undefined behaviours
- Touch support( even on windows/linux/osx )
- VTF 7.5 support
- PBR support
- bsp v19-v21 support( bsp v21 support is partial, portal 2 and csgo maps works fine )
- mdl v46-49 support
- Removed useless/unnecessary dependencies
- Achivement system working without steam
- Fixed many bugs
- Serverbrowser works without steam

# Current tasks
- Rewrite materialsystem for OpenGL render
- dxvk-native support
- Elbrus port
- Bink audio support( for video_bink )

# How to Build?
- [Building instructions(EN)](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/wiki/Source-Engine-(EN))
- [Building instructions(RU)](https://github.com/nillerusr/source-engine/wiki/Source-Engine-(RU))

# Support me
BTC: `bc1qnjq92jj9uqjtafcx2zvnwd48q89hgtd6w8a6na`

ETH: `0x5d0D561146Ed758D266E59B56e85Af0b03ABAF46`

XMR: `48iXvX61MU24m5VGc77rXQYKmoww3dZh6hn7mEwDaLVTfGhyBKq2teoPpeBq6xvqj4itsGh6EzNTzBty6ZDDevApCFNpsJ`
